Kafka less (#2783)
opendatateam/udata: CHANGELOG.md

## Current (in progress)

> - :warning: Kafka removal [#2779](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2779):
>   - Resources events publication uses now webhooks
>   - Search indexation (at runtime and with index command) are now made throught HTTP requests
>   - Add dedicated extras endpoints on resources and datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Kafka removal [#2783](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2783):
  - Resources events publication now uses webhooks
  - Search indexation (at runtime and with index command) are now made through HTTP requests
- Add dedicated extras endpoints on resources and datasets [#2779](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2779)
```
